do not pull the rubber and that is still me
temporary beat and you try again
figure out what to take winter studded
non - studded vsesezonka take everything
leave understand in the laboratory
modern tire is like a puff pie
the sweetest part of the cake is the icing
over the tire instead of the glaze protector
double layer of the highest quality rubber
responsible for the grip below
triple layer of cord for strength inside
tires tightly soldered metal
side ring pressing to the woods drive
in the winter, the main rule of the brakes is not sharp and
cities and nothing will happen right
so check these wheels on the side
demolition our car rides in a circle with
speed of 20 kilometers per hour so far
winter tires Cordiant keeps
the road is fine but now we are smooth
accelerate centrifugal force
pushing the car from the landfill to
speed 42 kilometers per hour tires
powerfully extended pattern
name directed non-directional pattern
he is good at snow or on ice
preferably directed withdrawn from the tire
water and snow porridge for safety
more important than drawing and soft tires
soft tires
depends on the rubber composition of the component
known artificial and natural
rubber burn for sulfur is not oil but
their ratio manufacturers keep in
the strictest secret
if I still put rubber spikes
Strongly do not overclock the new template you need
know know at least 500 kilometers
next year necessarily
they were all in place otherwise otherwise what
full rubber tighter plus spikes
fly out unevenly so the wheels
fuck differently for the road car on
non-studded tires easily
accelerates to 30 kilometers per hour but
already at the speed of 35 kilometers per hour, and its
also endures the passion to watch winter
tires are all broken on the checkers square
and the checkers are made up of thin plates
lamella when braking wheel
fillet pressed against hand slats
open up and cling to the road
coating exactly every tire cordiant
consists of about 30 item collects
tire special machine until this
rubber is soft and very sensitive to
temperature to become full
the tire the future tire goes to
vulcanization
vulcanization i.e. turning soft
raw rubber in tight and not afraid
heating up
invented the american scientist charles
gudier it happened in 1839
quite by chance scientists have mixed raw
rubber with gray but could not hold the tube and
poured the contents on the burner rubber became
durable and no longer afraid of heating
really make money on your genius
invention scientist has failed
rubber and car tires
appeared only 50 years later
and can take vsesezonka sparingly
let's see how all-season reason
tire behaves on packed snow
significantly worse than others tested
instances wear speed 27 kilometers
in an hour it seems better to stay on the spikes
not in a hurry with freaks winter tires is not
only rolled snow and slush
gasha and in the city ​​just wet asphalt
the conditions of our experiment are the same
only the cover has changed now
Sinek melted reagents
urban snow porridge however the difference is
tire behavior is more than noticeable
tenacious in these conditions were winter
not studded tires rate of contribution
36 kilometers an hour close days led
myself
studded tires 34 kilometers per hour worse
total all season speed
demolition
23 kilometers per hour
well, where I prepared yes, here are the currencies
bought well done arisen choosing not rush
me you are determined not a shadow of the middle
I am determined by the situation the founder is not
an approach